chore(docs): add links to CLI, API, Terraform, and Helm docs (#17142)
PrefectHQ/prefect: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Thanks for considering contributing to Prefect!

> To navigate our codebase with confidence, see our [contribution guidelines](/contribute).

Reviewer: This file is hosted in GitHub and not the docs, so we'll want to keep the full URL:
```suggestion
To navigate our codebase with confidence, see our [contribution guidelines](https://docs.prefect.io/latest/contributing/overview/).
```

Author: Good catch!

> To navigate our codebase with confidence, see our [contribution guidelines](/contribute/index).

Author: Looks like this link was broken.
